I can't help but imagine what it would
be like to be able to witness the movie
of cancer from beginning to end to be
able to sit there and watch as all the
gaps are filled in whatever the exact
nature of cancer is the metabolic and
genetic theories proposed vastly
different therapeutic scenarios warberg
Pon Cole safre de austino and others
invoke an image of can can that isn't
painted on a tapestry of
inevitability they view cancer as a
disease with a single understandable
flaw the metabolic Theory illuminates
the disadvantage of cancer and exposes
its Achilles heel cancer cells are not
Immortal gritty adaptable
supercells that is the description of
healthy cells that have evolved through
Millennia of harsh conditions say once
said pointing to a slide showing normal
cells these cells have earned the right
to be on the planet pointing to cancer
cells he said these cells have not the
healthy cells in our bodies are Resolute
survivors they live through and bounce
back from the toxic sludge that is most
chemotherapy while many of the cancer
cells die off healthy cells can
transition to accommodate ketosis while
cancer cells are left sputtering in
their
inflexibility we have not been at this
very long at all the first chemotherapy
was developed in the middle of World War
II by letting highly toxic substances
flow through the veins of patients
cancer cells are preferentially to a
small degree killed off highlighting
that they are more vulnerable than
healthy cells if scientists have
mischaracterized the origin of cancer
then we have lost three decades trying
to Target mutations that are a side
effect rather than the motor driving the
disease if cancer is
metabolic we are just getting started
and real progress should be quick to
follow we will find more ways to push
the sick cells over the edge what will
the future of cancer treatment be most
scientists are convinced that cancer was
established as a genetic disease decades
ago
this view appears now to have been
one-dimensional and it ignores evidence
that looks at cancer in two or three
intertwined Dimensions some scientists
are coming around to the idea that
cancer might be a metabolic disease not
because anybody convinced them to think
differently but because the science LED
them there the position that cancer is
caused solely by mutations to key genes
is becoming harder to maintain the
inconsistent icies are too numerous and
pronounced no researcher today can point
to any single mutation or any
combination of mutations and say with
confidence that it alone is the cause of
cancer nor can researchers point to a
series of Cellular Systems rendered
dysfunctional by mutations and make the
same claim with confidence if time
proves that the metabolism of cancer is
more important than previously thought
maybe the precipitating or big bang
event we have been desperately chasing
then as Rouse suggested nature will have
deceived us again whether god mother
nature Evolution or whatever shape the
world we live in we must concede that in
the realm of disease cancer is her
Masterpiece if warberg was right and
cancer originates from injured
respiration therapeutic strategy and
Drug design have to be completely
reconfigured rather than attacking a
hazy morphing Target that by its nature
cannot be directly hit researchers will
be presented with a single Target that
permeates the spectrum of disease this
implies that cancer cells are not
mutated versions of cells with
superpowers programmed by an omniscient
super villain they are damaged cells
trying to survive in their own misguided
way they can be coralled guided
manipulated and killed the metabolic
theories highlighted here are the first
attempts of a few scientists to combat
cancer from A New Perspective for a
first attempt they give much reason for
hope they offer a sharp departure from
the past cancer therapy could be a
gentle
Rehabilitation like sa freed says you
should come out on the other side
healthier than when you came in